all right seven tricky riddles that will
test your logic and flatulence
I mean intelligence sorry I just wanted
to see if you were paying attention get
ready to take part in this intellectual
mini marathon to test your logic and
attention we have seven riddles and each
of them is harder than the one before it
number one seven sisters in the cottage
cheese seven sisters went to the cottage
and every single one of them decided to
start doing something the first one
started reading a novel the second one
tried frying pancakes
the third started playing chess the
fourth started doing crosswords the
fifth started doing the laundry
bless her heart the sixth started
watering the plants and what did the
seventh sister do you have 15 seconds to
think it over
[Music]
are you ready to find out the answer the
seventh sister is playing chess with a
third logical isn't it she just needed a
partner to play number two shoe theft or
his missing soul one young man inherited
two factories where lovely lady's shoes
were produced all was going well until
the man noticed that the employee
started stealing the beautiful shoes for
their girlfriends and wives and there
was no way to catch every one what
decision did the young man make to
decrease the number of stolen shoes your
15 seconds start now well he didn't
install spy gadgets everywhere or hire
the best security to follow everyone
the owner ordered one factory to produce
only the right shoes and the other one
only the left shoes
number three cat and mouse when it's
raining the cat is in the room or in the
basement when the cat is in the room the
mouse is in the Burrow and the cheese is
in the fridge if the cheese is on the
table and the cat is in the basement
then the mouse is in the room now it's
raining and the cheese is on the table
where are the cat and the mouse
[Music]
you don't have to be a cat person to
solve this one it's all logic according
to the task the cat can be in two places
either in the room or in the basement
but the cat can't be in the room because
the cheese is not in the fridge it's on
the table
so the cat is in the basement we know
that the cheese is on the table
and the cat is in the basement this
means that the mouse is in the room why
do we even care about this I have no
idea
however on we go number four how many
femurs do you have on an exam a
professor gave a female student a femur
and asked how many femurs do you have
five wrong you have only two femurs but
the student was right how is this
possible you've got 15 seconds to figure
it out
[Music]
time's up do you have an answer it's
logical again the student was pregnant
she meant her two femurs the two femurs
of her child and the one she was holding
in her hand
kind of makes you want a thigh there
doesn't it number 5 outsmart the ruler
an autocratic ruler of an island didn't
want a lian's to settle on the island he
wanted to seem like a fair monarch
so he made a law according to the law
every person who wants to settle on the
island has to make a statement on which
their lives would depend the statement
said if the alien tells the truth he
will be shot and if he tells lies he
will be hung so what should the alien
say to outsmart the ruler wow this is a
tricky one but you've got 15 seconds to
find the right words so if the alien
says I'm sentenced to be hanged
he will corner the ruler if this is true
the ruler needs to shoot him but it's
not true and if it's not true he must be
hung but this would mean that he told
the truth so the statement i'm sentenced
to be hanged we'll save the aliens life
so why doesn't the alien just pull out
his ray gun and zap the ruler oh well
number 6 fill in the blank Maya is the
daughter of Robert Robert is the blank
of Maya's father can you make this
statement complete what kind of relative
could it be
[Music]
did I trick you with that relative
question I hope I didn't
the answer is name Robert is the name of
Maya's father yeah that was tricky
number seven connect all the dots using
only three lines do you think you can
connect all the dots using only three
lines in 15 seconds let's give it a go
remember the most obvious solution isn't
always the right one this riddle tests
your ability to think outside the box
when we see four dots forming a square
it's obvious that we want to connect
them in this figure but it's not
possible to form a square with three
lines so why not create a triangle
instead genius
[Music]
any Chicago Bulls fans out there check
out this NBA teams logo everything seems
as it should but there's something
hiding here what can you see other than
the bull answer flip the Bulls logo
upside down and it's a robot reading a
book on a park bench and now you'll
never be able to unsee this
you're welcome hey how many of these
riddles did you get right share with us
in the comments and challenge your
friends to try solving them all - like
this video if it was fun subscribe to
our channel if you're new here more cool
updates are on their way to you stay
with us
on the bright side of life
[Music]
you